Initial team research was on finding datasets. 

Multiple options were found. Settling on the best options:
https://www.kaggle.com/sriramr/fruits-fresh-and-rotten-for-classification
https://zenodo.org/record/1310165
https://www.kaggle.com/sriramr/apples-bananas-oranges

Research for Data:
Kaggle, Data.gov, zenodo, 
Google Colab has the ability to connect directly to kaggle, download a data set and run on the cloud. Neat. 

Research for Infrastructure:
GPUs and TPUs are not included in the Always Free offer.  You are always charged for GPUs and TPUs that you add to VM instances. 
Google Colab provides GPU and TPU free of use. Kumar advises us possibly large datasets may have issues. 
GPUs are faster than TPUs for processing images on Google Colab. 
Local machines have CPU across the team with a few GPU's. Some attempting to use GPU's locally. Issues with CUDA support on some laptop GPU's.
Google Collab can experience an issue where there is a runtime error that forces you to restart the runtime.

The Inception module (mentioned in 2 of the articles on Medium we read) is only a custom block of convolutional layers & is most likely meant to be used
as part of a larger neural network rather than acting as a neural network on its own. (unsure of whether to actually add this to the file on Github)

Google Colab provides GPU and TPU free of use. Kumar advises us possibly large datasets may have issues. GPUs are faster when processing images on Google Colab.
Local machines have CPU across the team with a few GPU's. Some attempting to use GPU's locally. Issues with CUDA support on some laptop GPU's
The Inception module (mentioned in 2 of the articles on Medium we read) is only a custom block of convolutional layers & is most likely meant to be used
as part of a larger neural network rather than acting as a neural network on its own. 

Research for Use Case:
Contact Data.gov/agriculture via webform. with no response
Contact to Plant Village via direct email address: mayor@plantvillage.org
Contact Publix Corporate for opportunity to vist and view fruit handling. Local store re-directed to corporate for approval. Corporate denied stating proprietary info.

Different optimizers for neural networks:
SGD with momentum, learning rate, and nesterov parameters
ADAM